So, we want them to we have.
2 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, can follow up.
3 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Yes.
4 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Follow up in the morning.
5 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, actually, I asked you to memorize.
6 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Because, uh, it's short equation is a sharp equation.
7 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
I will show you.
8 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So.
9 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Actually, I will give you the publish date for today. Okay.
10 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
But I didn't inform you.
11 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Do you see so that I want you to remember this? But this will be.
12 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The formula sheet, then you will get for list with.
13 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And so let's go to the.
14 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
What are we going to learn for today? Is parallel circuits kirchhoff's, current law and.
15 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, previously, last week, uh, we learned, uh, series circuits.
16 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, today we are parallel sentence owners.
17 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
2 common convictions.
18 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
This means, uh, our 1 and our to.
19 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Share it and be.
20 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, the, the of the point 8, and the point we.
21 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
A woman to both have 1 and how to.
22 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So this is the backlog paramount's the paramount's and that's.
23 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Therefore, if you have the voltage.
24 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The totals voltage here. How 1.
25 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
We'll be having the same voltage and or 2, we'll have the same voltage. So 1.
26 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The voltage across 1 is also in.
27 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And the workloads across up to this, also the.
28 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, in a in series.
29 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, last week that we learned in series.
30 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, if we have 2.
31 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
2 resistance in series, and let's say the voltage is.
32 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, in series, uh, the work is across.
33 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
1 is.
34 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
It's not equal to the work is across our to.
35 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
1 or 2, but in series.
36 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, the current is the same.
37 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, in all places.
38 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
But in parallel, so the voltage.
39 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Our 1 is equal to the voltage comes down to, but the.
40 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
In this branch is not equal to the current here. 1st, the current is split it already. So just imagine.
41 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Here is the original.
42 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
This junction some will flow here.
43 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And some will split split into here.
44 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, talk to.
45 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
From the traveling from the.
46 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Will be split that some, we call this.
47 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And some will travel here, have to.
48 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
I think you, you can see the logic that.
49 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And the is by 1.
50 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
I'll do, I suppose I want because the total current is split that is split the.
51 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So that is the main difference between a series.
52 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And, um, that little sentence.
53 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Let us see in here so if we have this, we have 3 diagrams.
54 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
We have 3 diagrams the, the lab diagram.
55 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Is you have seen from the previous slide that 1.
56 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Is in parallel to how to, in, in this subject.
57 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The what how to because parallel you have to type, but.
58 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The symbol is, uh, this.
59 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Number 9, so this couple line is a short way of writing that.
60 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Is parallel with okay.
61 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, in the 2nd circuit in the middle.
62 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
We have an interesting solution.
63 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
You can see that.
64 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, this other 1 is in parallel to have to.
65 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So our 1 is in parallel to so that's why you can write the symbol.
66 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The double line. Okay.
67 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And because.
68 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
This 1.
69 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Double thing parallel with is actually.
70 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Adults who are 3 so here are the right 1.
71 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Um, in parallel to to.
72 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
This box, we just see this with.
73 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
3, so you can see.
74 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
That this 1, uh, is, uh, I want to opt in parallel as the whole.
75 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And and they are the result of this.
76 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Is in series with our as a whole.
77 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
It's a big, uh, big picture.
78 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
+3, if you want to see in a big picture, we go, you.
79 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And and I assume, okay, this 1, uh, uh, image here.
80 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, this in the big picture, this.
81 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
I will change change color so this, uh, this 1 is blue.
82 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Is branch is blue and this.
83 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
This branch is orange, you can see that the blue is in parallel with the origin.
84 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The blue the blue branch is in parallel with the orange.
85 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
But in the blue blue parts itself, if you look at, uh, overview.
86 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, our 1 is in series.
87 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
With so what we can see here.
88 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
1, because in series.
89 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, resistance, um, ads.
90 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Yeah, I put together so I want to.
91 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And how to as a big picture, they are in series.
92 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
But this blue branch.
93 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Is in parallel with this orange, so I right here in parallel.
94 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
With our 3, so you have to look at the big picture big picture.
95 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Look at 1st, in series they are either.
96 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
and in parallel this is the same goal of the parallel double double line okay
97 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, hopefully, you you look at the product picture and you analyze this occurred in a broader picture.
98 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, in terms of drawing in this book, or in this book that we use.
99 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, this several times this, uh, is drawing the straight lines and the straight line at the bottom and the 3 resistance in parallel. So.
100 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And it is, uh, in parallel.
101 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
How do we write? It is in parallel to to.
102 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And also in parallel to 3.
103 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, the the way we write it.
104 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So these are the 3 resistance in parallel the 3 resistance in.
105 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And sometimes the book draws just.
106 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Echo 1.
107 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
It's almost the left and the window is almost the same drawing, but here also we can see.
108 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
This type of problem is also our 1 is in parallel to entry so they are all the same. It's just a matter of, uh, different drawings. Sometimes you get prompts like this.
109 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Sometimes you get drawn, like, in the middle, and sometimes it get wrong.
110 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
On the right but they are all the same, which is a 1.
111 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
In parallel with are 2 in parallel with our 3.
112 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, yeah, they are all the same circuit, just drawn differently and just drawn different.
113 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, if we this is the formula for the.
114 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Because, as I mentioned, if you look, uh, an overview or big picture, so if we have.
115 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Just now an example to resistance in parallel resistance in parallel, but as a whole, as a general form or general formula, if we have, uh.
116 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And number of resistance in parallel 4:5:6, 7.
117 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
8:9:and and so forth. So we have.
118 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Formula which states that, uh, by looking at, uh, overview of big picture in this blue box.
119 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
We, we can find the total resistance.
120 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Based on 1, over total resistance was to 1 over 1+1 over up 2+1 over 3.
121 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
That's 1 hour for until 1.
122 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So this is when we looked at.
123 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
2 or 3:4:resistance in parallel, we want to summarize.
124 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
As, uh, or a doctor of.
125 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Of that resistors in parallel we use this formula to get the our portal. Okay. So it's.
126 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, because it's too many, so you, you want to ask you, okay as a whole or as total, what is the total resistance of these resistors in parallel? So this will be the formula that you are going to use.
127 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, in the quiz 1, I didn't mention that there's a formula sheet, but actually there is a formula sheet.
128 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, uh, this actually is for the midterm so I provide, uh, every formula for the meter, but of course, we did not learn this yet, or at least 1. so please do not.
129 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Not use it, but some of them you can use it.
130 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
You can use it for the for the quiz 1, but I would say.
131 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The quiz 1 is mainly the, the earlier earlier formulas up to up to here. Mm. Hmm.
132 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Have to happen. So that is the, uh.
133 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, both the resistance, so actually, automatically, uh, we actually want the R. D or our total. So here, we can be arrange.
134 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Re, arrange to get the from the mathematical arrangement.
135 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, our total, uh, it was 1 over.
136 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
1:1:other 1, that's what I'm allowed to wear or, uh, the better.
137 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
A federal set up.
138 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
As an example, as an example.
139 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, you can see that on the left.
140 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Image, uh, there are, I believe you agree with me that the 2 resisters are in parallel, right?
141 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The 2 registers are in parallel, so that for.
142 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
By using this formula.
143 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
R. D. is equals to 1 over.
144 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
A 1 over the 1st register is 3.
145 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And the 2nd resist a, is 6.1over 6.
146 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, then you can reduce your calculator and, uh, mathematical.
147 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, rearrangement and so forth to get what is.
148 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
What is the, a total or in the blue box? In the blue box in? Mm. Hmm.
149 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Similarly, on the right hand side, we have 3 resistance in parallel. So about 3 is.
150 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
1, over 1, we'll walk over to.
151 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So this is 2 last 1 of the.
152 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, 200 cause this is 200.
153 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And 1:1:OV:ER 1000.
154 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
1000 votes, and then you can manipulate, or you can use mathematics manipulation and your calculator to gaps.
155 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
What is the in in box?
156 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Okay, so, um, if you use your calculator, just now on the left hand side.
157 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Is 1 over 103+word over 6 is 2 hosts.
158 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, I hope, uh, you can use your calculator now.
159 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
To find, what is the R3 out of the.
160 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
In the 2nd, in the 2nd image, or in the 4th.
161 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Because he's a good practice also, and also, at least like, uh.
162 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Form of my record for attendance, so in.
163 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
In the lecture folders, you can see.
164 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, currently, this is lecture.
165 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And Wednesday, so you can see, uh, in plus please. So, uh, sorry, this 1 is 2020.
166 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
This should this last years.
167 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, I will, uh, use, uh, 2020.
168 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
24, so you see the correct 1, 2024 in +3 on Wednesday.
169 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, I will click this and.
170 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
I will call this session.
171 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
What is today? Today's date is.
172 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So 1st of made.
173 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
When the MP 4.
174 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
1st of May 2024.
175 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, since this request back here, I will give you more time because maybe need time for loading up for the 1st time. So, with this.
176 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
This the 1st, 1 here is started the 1st question. We started.
177 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
This is the question.
178 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
You you can use the formula.
179 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
That you have just let it just now to.
180 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Will answer that question who is.
181 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Yes, 40 Square is not under that. What do that? 1.
182 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, in this case, you see that, uh, backwards or this.
183 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Formula or find the other instance or parallel resistance. Okay. Okay.
184 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So you have to choose the right, uh, you need everything both so, convert this all approvals.
185 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Opening that's why if the 1st question, I give a longer period. Mm. Hmm.
186 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Longer periods, so currently what? That? Because 45 students.
187 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, our present in this room.
188 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And only 16 or 15 students left.
189 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, if I see 1 or 2, I will add a question. It means.
190 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Yeah, uh, you have finish writing.
191 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Okay.
192 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Today today's lecture screen.
193 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
It's like a 3 and, um.
194 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, I can see, now students entering their system.
195 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
If you want students by 10 students.
196 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
In most of them did not there yet.
197 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
5,000 dollars. Okay.
198 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
5 was 2 days left to enter piece of the answers.
199 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So this is, uh, I think, uh.
200 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
If we have, uh, 1 less.
201 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
1st 1 is me and of course, I don't know ask them. Okay, so I will I also increase.
202 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So most of that is left and I see here.
203 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
I can see the timer. The timer will end in 24 seconds. So you have.
204 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
You have 24 centers and 2 most students. So if there's 1 student.
205 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
At the end, because all the debts almost also, then start at the same.
206 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So 1 was to them, please, please enter your answer.
207 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And with that, I can end the question. Did.
208 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So this is done, so so that is the steps.
209 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, and the answers so what done, uh, I see a lot of, uh.
210 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Good, uh, many people that, uh, write answers 48, 45.
211 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Okay, the right answers the next 5 minutes. Please try in the next question. That's interesting.
212 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, um, so let's look at.
213 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And the next slide stood, that makes sense.
214 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So sometimes is straightforward. This means to the drawing is.
215 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Simply, uh, like this like this.
216 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, like this, it shows 3 resistors in parallel.
217 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
But sometimes the book or the questioner will.
218 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Because, uh, the main point is so I will choose different color. The main point of terrorism is.
219 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, at this point, and this point is in the same.
220 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Potential, so there is no nothing in between.
221 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
In between, so we can say, and also this point, and this point this partnership potential and in between. So sometimes.
222 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Yeah, just because they just drop it.
223 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, like this, because.
224 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
To say that it's still the same because this.
225 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
This point at this point is the same and this point is the same. So.
226 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
It's a form of drawing, so if you see the drawing or the, like this, it means it still means.
227 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, are to an in parallel, but usually.
228 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So don't panic it means time to re, draw it to say. Oh, this.
229 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
This part at this point, we are in the same level. So actually it can be drawn like this and actually they are in parallel. I don't know.
230 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, I hope, uh, you have 1.
231 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Um, I think most of, you know, what is the formula for parallel.
232 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
To get the now, uh, 3, I sold that. Actually they are.
233 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
In parallel, so I hope you can acting, you will get correct for the next question. So if you have.
234 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
1 owns owns and 5 bones.
235 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So 1 thing is, um, just 1 more explanation for you.
236 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, I just explained this and, uh.
237 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
I don't think is, uh, we have 3.
238 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, this this is 3 so actually, this.
239 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Can be brought here, but they are the same room. Same room.
240 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So let's say you want to bring here, but.
241 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Just compare it to here so actually they are in parallel. That's.
242 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
I tell you, you draw it here or you draw it here actually. Yeah, in parallel.
243 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And SONYA in parallel so, with that.
244 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, I will ask you to click, uh, you will have 100 seconds, um, for the next question I believe you will get.
245 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
4 months everyone will get the full months.
246 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, I will add this question and.
247 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
I will keep the next question. Okay.
248 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, if I click the next question here, you will be asked to find what is the of the.
249 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
In in this slot, what is the R. D. uh, our total.
250 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
For this 2nd, to 40 seconds.
251 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So so hopefully you still remember that formula for parallel how to get a parallel resistance.
252 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
In portal, so let me see how many students.
253 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
59 students in this room 31, 30 is still yet to answer 30 to answer. So let's.
254 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Let's continue that.
255 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So that's good. Uh, very good attendance. 56.
256 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
59 students attending.
257 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
61, but turning this lecture, 61 students.
258 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, we have only 100 seconds.
259 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, let me see the timer, the timer we have.
260 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
2019 seconds left 19 so there's that.
261 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
7 more students you have, uh, 15 seconds, 10 seconds left.
262 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
To answer to answer your question.
263 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, we have 5:5:more students to students.
264 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
To I think we can, uh, we can show the answer it out and it is.
265 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
1, over 1:1:over 1 level 1+1 level 4+1 row 5.
266 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So there is the circuit the drawing from the previous slide.
267 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And actually, it's the same as the. So they're out in federal.
268 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, in, uh, if we have 3:3:branches in parallel for branches, we can use.
269 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The the long formula, so the output, the.
270 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Is equal to 1 over 1 over the a 1.
271 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Last 1, over 2.
272 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
+1 over and 3 last 1 and so far.
273 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
But if you have only 2 resistance in parallel, you can use a sharp.
274 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The shortcut or a short formula, but only for the case special case of 2 resist the scale parallel. And if you want to find the auto.
275 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
This equal to our.
276 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Multiply by up to over to.
277 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So this is the short formula only for 2.
278 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Instead of using the long the long formula for all cases.
279 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
We can use, uh, this formula, but.
280 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
This can only be used for 2 for the case of to resistance. So, in this case.
281 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
3:3:multiplied by 6 phones over.
282 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
3 hours last 6 months so total.
283 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
For this, for this case is equal to 2 hours.
284 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So this is a shorter formula that you can use for the case, or through resistance in parallel.
285 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Okay, so that is the formula the formula.
286 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Another special case is if all the.
287 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
All the resistance in parallel have the same.
288 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, resistor values. So the 1st, special case that we said is now to resist this in parallel.
289 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
But if we have 3:4:5 people 2, but all the resistance are equal.
290 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So the short, short, uh, or easy way to.
291 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
That to get the out of the is simply.
292 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, each 1:12:divided by how many resistance? 12 over 3.
293 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So it's like a short time if all the resistance are in parallel.
294 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
In this case, 3, resistors 12 divided by 3. so our total response.
295 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
But if, uh, parts for resistance in parallel.
296 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
12:12:12:12:So 12 divided by 4 is 3. oops. Okay. So that is shortcut. Short shortcut for a special case. If all the resistance are in parallel.
297 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, in the lab, uh, you can.
298 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
If you want to, you have 3 resistance in parallel so you can put your orbit in this manner. 1 of the red leads.
299 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
On here and the other black beats the ground.
300 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
To the graph, and you can measure the total resistance.
301 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
When the resistance says are in parallel.
302 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Okay, so, as I mentioned, um, previously when the 2 resistance are in parallel.
303 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, the voltage are the same, so we want must be equal to B2. This is the case in parallel and I say just now the common you do this for this junction or this note.
304 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The comment will be split, um.
305 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
I want and we call it.
306 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And I do, and let's say this is I saw for.
307 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, due to conservation of current.
308 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
When this is the node is split up, so it must be equal to.
309 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Last time too, so I asked must surely be equal to I want us to keep the tax logic.
310 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And so if we want to.
311 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
If we know, um, I want and it's also own slot. So I want is.
312 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Over 1:00:home and here it is i2 in this branch. I to this 2 over.
313 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Right. Uh, I, it was to be, um, to be overlap.
314 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, the main important things here is the voltage.
315 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Where they are internal are the same. So if this is the goals.
316 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Is also 12 goals are going to is troubles.
317 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And so the currently split it. So the current is not the same.
318 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, I just go back to to my 1st slide.
319 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
To mention that in series.
320 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The voltage the 1, it's not the same. It could be, but it's not the same but in series, the current is the same in all places in offices.
321 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
This is the same, but in parallel.
322 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The current is not the same in the different branch. It will have different color, but the voltage is the same. So, in series.
323 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
In series the voltage.
324 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
It's the same, uh, and in parallel.
325 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And, uh, so sorry, I, in this 1, this 1.
326 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, so in in series, the current is the same.
327 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And in parallel, the voltage is the same.
328 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, if we come back here and, you know, theory theory.
329 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, that's why the current is not the same in parallel, but the voltage is the same. So the voltage.
330 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
It's here it's 12 months and we'll get here is books.
331 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
But the current is splitting, so the current is not the same.
332 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, I hope you can see the difference.
333 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, let's do the, let's do this exercise.
334 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, here we see, the current is splinter.
335 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And we, this in parallel, the voltage is the same. So what this 1 must be 12 volts.
336 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And what is 2 must also be the boats.
337 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And using all slot, if this.
338 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Currently splitter and we call this.
339 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, in this branch law is I want.
340 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
It's 12 we is divided by the answer is 12000000.
341 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, I would like to ask you, what is I do in this branch using the same homes long using the same old.
342 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, in the previous questionnaire in 61.
343 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
61 students were there and.
344 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
1, at 10, but, uh, 52 got it correct well, done.
345 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Um, for and to please try again in the next question. So the next question.
346 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Will be about that you have 100 seconds and then is what is onto.
347 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, what is I to pay for the, what we have learned just now what we have learned is now.
348 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Okay, so we have, uh, 100 centers.
349 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The the product, but everyone is the same.
350 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The current source is equal to the sound of the individual branch habits.
351 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, I, as if it goes to, plus I do.
352 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, let me see the progress to 62 students.
353 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
33 students you have to answer.
354 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And it's very encouraging, I think.
355 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
All have the correct answer so far, but, uh, 1, still there. Um, let me check. How many seconds.
356 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
41 seconds now it's stealing some time.
357 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
For you to enter your this is.
358 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Um, so it's good, I mean, this contributes to your final box.
359 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
As, you know, I only take a week 2.
360 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
4 weeks, but today's week 3 are still doing it.
361 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, if you have, I see you have, um, network problems in other weeks.
362 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, but you score out in week, 2 and so far. So.
363 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
I will take some, uh, to proceed the sandbox that is higher and portfolio to the max. So, let's see, uh, games, um.
364 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, I think we finish the timer is finished already at, um.
365 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
63 students.
366 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
But 1 get done with them and you got a majority got new products. Okay so this is.
367 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, this is the answer for which is for many MVPs formula.
368 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, we get a split of the current there is now a good time to study the jobs current law.
369 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The kirchhoff's, current law states that this has a great some of the comments entering and leaving assumption.
370 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Oh, the network is equal to 0.
371 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, if we based on our convenience, if we say that.
372 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Um, these arrows, right? Let's say there are.
373 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, 3:3:junctions, 3:3:3 lines in have 3 lines.
374 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, if we based on the arrows, let's say the arrows.
375 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
That goes into a junction.
376 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
We call it positive. We call it .
377 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
But the arrows that goes out, we call it negative.
378 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, in this case, last 6-2.
379 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
-, and it must be equal to 0.
380 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, uh, look at the arrows.
381 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Um, in.
382 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, I'd like to call it as + and the arrows that goes out.
383 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
I'd like to call it as negative and let them equal to 0.
384 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Like that before, 2:00:So, this is the principle of kirchhoff's current law.
385 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
As an example here, so as an example of.
386 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, here, the current is flowing from towards the right thing.
387 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And you will see here, this is Jonathan a.
388 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
According to a current law list, a, how many.
389 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
How many arrows going into the how many arrows going out.
390 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Okay, I was going in 1.
391 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
How many orders going up to so you can see that.
392 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
You can right here.
393 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
5, in is pointed out is like, uh, negative.
394 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And out is negative and let it equal to 0.
395 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And therefore we can find is.
396 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
1:1:piece from yeah, we can solve that I want is.
397 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
1, Mbps, so this.
398 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
These are in this in series.
399 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, they are the same current if this is the same current the.
400 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
We'll still be 1.
401 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
If this is 1:1:will always travel here. There's nothing here they are in series. So this is 1. so you called in series the current always.
402 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
See, if this is for and this branch is in series, so for will also travel here.
403 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, the iPhone is for.
404 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, now, look, look, look at this junction di, how many arrows going in.
405 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
2 and 2 minutes, uh, positive. So, for.
406 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Well, it's 1 of them work is another arrows and this arrow is going.
407 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, outreach, uh, negative.
408 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And let it equal to 0.
409 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Therefore, you can deduce that I is.
410 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
5 M, yes. So look at the consumption. How many arrows going in how many areas going out.
411 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And then you like equal to 0 So you can solve.
412 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And another property here is that if this is 1 area, you have to.
413 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The views, or you have to know that is also what? Plus it's this.
414 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
What is the series, which is not normal split in any way so it's.
415 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
1, and here.
416 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So this is why we have discussed just now we are just discussed this now.
417 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Find, uh, to find the.
418 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The values of the current, so yeah, more examples.
419 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Because here you can see some arrows.
420 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, are going in some arrows uh, some comments are going in.
421 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And then there is a split and so forth. So there are many interesting.
422 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
But you just follow the principle, look at the assumption.
423 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
How many arrows going in how many arrows going out and you left it equal to 0. okay. You like it equal to 0.
424 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So that is the fact that the principals stick to the principal and you like it equal to 0.
425 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, as an example, so this.
426 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Is in this junction a.
427 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
1 error going in so, 2 arrows going in and what error going out. So, Paul is going in.
428 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The is going in and.
429 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Um, this is so actually, we didn't know that it is.
430 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Several is empty. It's empty.
431 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
This is unknown yet, so what we can do here we tackle junk shouldn't be. 1st.
432 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Should be is, uh, is going in.
433 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And I floor is going out and i5.
434 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Is also going out we'll ID equal to 0.
435 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And 708.
436 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, I want is, uh, going in.
437 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
I too is also going in, but I agree is are known, but it's going out so .
438 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Is unknown going out, therefore, i3.
439 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
These 7.
440 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, from here, 5:3:7-1.
441 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, by 5 equals to 0.
442 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Therefore, 5:5:is.
443 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
6 M is 6 Mbps so this.
444 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Solution based on kirchhoff's, current law, the jobs current no.
445 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
This is another for example, can I ask you how we can get? I. S.
446 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
What's your opinion?
447 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
You might it might look, uh, not obvious.
448 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Some other color, so it might look not obvious if you.
449 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
If you see what that's how many junction is done, but if you re, draw it.
450 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Redraw this 1, uh, as 1 junction. So this.
451 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Tom, so these are all on the same potential. So you can say this.
452 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
This and this.
453 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
1:2:3, but they are in the same.
454 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Potential Junction, so oh, you got the case.
455 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
1 arrow going in 3 arrows going up you can use the job's kinda no. Okay. But maybe perhaps here.
456 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
It's because of the drawing, but actually withdraw it for for you to be sure that.
457 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
But they are in the same, this point is in the same potential, at least part of the same potential. So is.
458 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Actually, the same note, the same direction.
459 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So this so I just.
460 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Authorities same junction. So this means I ask is simply, uh, it's going in the other 1 is going out so I.
461 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
minus eight minus ten minus two equals to zero
462 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So this means I ask is.
463 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
20, maybe.
464 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, we are in very good track for you to.
465 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
To rest for before your final before your quiz.
466 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
But since you are in a good track, I might consider going to let cell phone.
467 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
What's your opinion?
468 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
This lecture 3 will not be in the.
469 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, it's but it's okay let's see. Let's see it later. How it goes.
470 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And, uh.
471 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, now we can okay.
472 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
I will make it larger. So let's see. Uh, this 1 is so, uh, your, your friendships that, of course, it's 20Million because it's right. Split here.
473 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
February split into this branch and 2Million split into this branch.
474 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, can I ask you, um.
475 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
What is the value of T now in voltage?
476 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So what mm, hmm.
477 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
16 volts sir 16 votes.
478 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, can you, uh.
479 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
How do you get 60 votes? Yes yes.
480 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
We have to look at overall picture.
481 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Parallel in parallel the voltage is the same, right?
482 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, therefore, we don't know, EE, we don't know EE, but we want to find a voltage here.
483 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, we can look at any of the branch.
484 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Because if we find a voltage in here.
485 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
We, this voltage is the same.
486 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
As this, because they are in parallel, this voltage is the same.
487 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Has all of this was this how to get the voltage here?
488 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
You use all slow, right? Voltage.
489 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
In this 1 you use both.
490 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And you already know, you know, Karen, and you already know the resistance.
491 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, I think you will get the.
492 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Very good. And you can answer the next question.
493 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
You can answer the next question.
494 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, the next question is, what is the value of the.
495 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
What is the value of the, uh.
496 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Based on this, what is the value of E.
497 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Um, in what is, is in volts.
498 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Thing you will, um, I think you get right answers. Everyone.
499 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
63 students, 60 piece to this.
500 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
E.
501 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
What is the value of voltage and how many votes tables.
502 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Can you share this now?
503 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Okay, so in parallel circuits.
504 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Please locate for this for to be solving.
505 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
People on this call, but the idea.
506 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So why not we, we can find the voltage.
507 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Yeah, that's also the.
508 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
That's the whole thing is how to find the whole piece here.
509 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
We are really good to so we know the content in this runs.
510 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Discuss in this much.
511 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, we can find the voltage across 1.
512 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
In fact, 1st to the.
513 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, I think, um.
514 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
You have finished, so that is the answer is.
515 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
2 kilowatts multiply by 8 many Mbps.
516 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The answer is 16 votes.
517 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The answer is 600 volts.
518 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, just using the same principle can I ask so, let me check 1st, the progress.
519 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Very good. And how many seconds.
520 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, we have to finish, um, we have finished, uh, this question.
521 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So this would good answers that good results.
522 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, can I know you, you know.
523 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And now is 16, so I write here, uh, 16 volts.
524 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Now is already known so can I ask you.
525 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
What is the value of.
526 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So principal or peripheral resistance. Okay.
527 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, let's see, let's go to the next question. What is the value of.
528 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
What is the value? How many owns probably only? Um.
529 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
I believe that this is so.
530 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And now update the value of.
531 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, let me see some progress.
532 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Very good, uh, 2018 more students.
533 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
To answer it, it must be this.
534 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
I think, um.
535 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Let's see the timer, uh, 10 more seconds. So, um.
536 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Almost there 8 more students you have.
537 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
10 more seconds or less, so you need to answer.
538 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
With your answers so we have more students, 66 students. Okay. 66 students. That's a very good number for election. 66 students.
539 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
That's very encouraging very good for the attendance.
540 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And that's next 1.
541 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Use the same principle. What is the? Well so now and 2 is 16 volts the same.
542 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Votes is applied because they are in parallel divided.
543 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
But, but this time divided by so.
544 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Divide by what is the current in that branch so now I'm right here 16.
545 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Now, we already know this is 16.
546 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The killer goals next please fine.
547 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
What is the value of our 3?
548 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
How many so you will have 100 seconds in the next question.
549 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, what is the value or the top 3 in.
550 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, now what is the value of our 3?
551 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Okay, let me see, uh, some progress.
552 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
66 students in this room.
553 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Excellent. Um, 14 students left to answer thing.
554 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
3, how many OEMs or how many is.
555 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
We see the timeline another 29 seconds. We still, uh, still some time.
556 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
At this time, I see almost all got the right.
557 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Except for once to please try in the next next next. Okay.
558 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So almost all got the right since we have already.
559 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
For students lab, so if I see 2, I will stop.
560 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
I did not wait for the time. Okay 5 times.
561 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Because 1 of them is me, so I'm, I'm not supposed to answer. So now that wants to do the last of them. Please uh.
562 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Your answer now I think it should be over so let's see, then 16 votes same roles divided by 2. so here I can right there are 2 is 8.
563 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And.
564 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Last, but not least. Do you still remember formula.
565 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Order to find a total resistance.
566 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Of 3, resistors in parallel yes.
567 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, you want to I will go back for you to see I believe you write the, the notes.
568 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
I see the, you have with the notes, but I'll just go back.
569 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And then we will answer the question.
570 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Formula is.
571 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Formula is this 1 the formula is this 1 so now let us.
572 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Go back to our question. So now we have 2 kilowatts, 16 and 8 kilohertz in parallel. So what will be the total.
573 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, I will add the question.
574 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And that's the next question next question.
575 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
You have 100 seconds to select.
576 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The correct answer.
577 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Yes, so sometimes I didn't put the I just put the stats because to give you a practice, because in the final exam.
578 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And the steps are more important than the final answer.
579 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, you can box for the steps.
580 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
But if you make, uh, because of time pressure, you press the wrong button in the calculator you perform. And so by the steps are right you can.
581 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Of 10 or 9 or 10 so the steps are more important than the final ones.
582 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, let me see.
583 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, we have still 27 students left.
584 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Get to answer.
585 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So then you still have, uh, maybe.
586 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
A few more seconds so upload the.
587 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, in this 2nd, we have a lot of.
588 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Knowledge or theory that we apply, we apply all.
589 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
We apply, we apply we apply, uh, how to get total resistance.
590 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, all this, uh, in 1 question in 3rd.
591 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And we use it all in 3rd. So, let me see.
592 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, 3 more students, so I think.
593 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Actually, 2, most students and the number is increasing 71.
594 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
71 students now, actually, 7 piece to this, um, .
595 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Me so 70 students, 2 more students left to answers. I think.
596 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Um, we can proceed and.
597 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The of the is.
598 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, is this, uh, the, the formula or.
599 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Rv is, um, the voltage.
600 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Over 20Million so that's 2 ways to find the okay.
601 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Because this here, let me let me draw it here.
602 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Because here is 16 roles and this.
603 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, this big, uh, these, all 3, uh, is like a, is a big box.
604 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Yeah, so, um.
605 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, if this is the and this is.
606 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And this is, uh, I, I saw.
607 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
I guess so also can we can use that are the, uh, this it was to, uh, be.
608 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
I guess because if we have fun.
609 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
E.
610 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
But another way to do it just now, is was to use the formulas to use the performance.
611 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, we are in the right track.
612 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Um, Karen divide the room last week, we learned a voltage divide the road, right? Voltage divide the room.
613 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, today we are going to continue with currently by the rule.
614 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
If the 2 panel elements of equal value.
615 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The comment will divide equally 4 parallel elements with different values. The smaller the resistance.
616 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The grid, uh, share of the input current.
617 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Parallel elements or different values, the current split into a ratio equal to the inverse of the resistance balance.
618 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So this 1.
619 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So so for example.
620 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
If it's, we have to resist this in parallel, but they are the same value 1 kilowatt and 1 kilo.
621 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And if we have the total current flowing.
622 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Is to be a, and they will split into.
623 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Of course, there'll be splits, but since the.
624 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Um, 1, kilo and 1 catalog, they are the same values so there will be split.
625 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Equal of course, we can do, uh, formula later, but this is 1 way here and 1 here.
626 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Plus or the same vendor so it's a shortcut.
627 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, let's, uh, go to the here.
628 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, obviously, uh, this is 1.
629 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Is, uh, the total current it's split into 3.
630 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, I want I do an ID. Okay. I want to I have to an entry.
631 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The 1st branch stand ups, the 2nd branch is 100 goals.
632 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And the 3rd branch is 1000 posts.
633 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
1000 posts, so.
634 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
This is 1st of all.
635 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Are the, we find the.
636 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
You already know how to get you already know.
637 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
How to get from the question?
638 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
1, over RT. Is equals to 1 over 10.
639 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
+1 over 100+1 over 1000. so we arranging this.
640 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Is 9.01goals.
641 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, now the other 1 is.
642 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
How do we get Taiwan? We take the, this is called the current divide the.
643 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, now you is the, the current.
644 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, 9.1is, the total of resistance divided by 10.
645 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, if we want to find.
646 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
We take your total resistance.
647 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
9.01and, then we divide.
648 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The resistance on the branch, and then we multiply. 9 am please. Okay.
649 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, I can I ask you.
650 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
What's your name? Uh, so can I ask you? How about I too can you tell me.
651 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
How to get, um, I, to base on the current divider rule.
652 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Okay, hold the line.
653 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
You bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.
654 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So this is how we find, uh.
655 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Product in the branch.
656 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
This this is called the current divider room, the current divide, the room.
657 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And I assume assuming a lead.
658 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, how about, uh, to get 3.
659 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So that is 9.01is.
660 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Total resistance of the all the resistance in parallel.
661 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So you can see here if the resistance is so.
662 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Then that goes, we will get the.
663 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Share of the current, so you can see the 9.
664 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Most of them will travel to the 10 posts.
665 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
8.11Mbps will travel to the.
666 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
0.811will travel to the 100 calls resistance.
667 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And only 0.0811will travel to the 1000 pound resistance.
668 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, and it is logical, because resistor means resistance means opposition to.
669 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Color, so the last resistance.
670 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, available, the more current will be able to flow the more resistance.
671 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The last quarter we will be able to flow in depth Resistor.
672 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Seems like, uh, previously there is a shortcut formula.
673 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
If there's only 2 branches, uh, to.
674 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Currently split into 2.
675 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Previously, we have 3, we can have 4:4:branches 5.
676 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
But if in a special case, for only 2 branches, the 3rd is split into 2:2:currents only.
677 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, if we want to find the 1st.
678 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
You can use.
679 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Previously, this is the whole.
680 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
This is the, the long formula for all the cases.
681 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
What do we have discuss here? Just now with.
682 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, answering it and now.
683 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
But it is a special case of only to resistance we can use.
684 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Um, the shock part, which is.
685 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
I is equals to.
686 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
We go to the I want is flowing through here, but we look.
687 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The next branch, the opposite Resistor.
688 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Add 2, and then we divided by last up to.
689 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And then we multiply the total.
690 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Similarly, what I do if you want to add to.
691 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Add to is here, so we looked at the opposite Resistor.
692 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Which is on 1 and then.
693 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
We divided by the, uh, add 1.
694 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And then we multiply, I put the.
695 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
We multiply by total so this is the shortcut for the case of.
696 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
You don't need to use the long, long formula. You just need to use a short formula or sharp card.
697 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
For a special case of 2 resistors in parallel.
698 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So this is called current divider rule.
699 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, current state is look at the opposite resistance. Not the current.
700 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The, the, it's all resistant you look at the opposite register.
701 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Okay, and with that, um.
702 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, there a shortcut formula I hope you can you are able to.
703 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
To answer. Okay, the 1st 1, this is I. S, it's.
704 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Split into this 1 and this 1 split.
705 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And, uh, this 1, we call we call the.
706 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And what what is the shortcut formulas is if we want to find the we loop.
707 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
At the opposite with this, uh, resistor, which is 8.
708 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And we divide by 4+8 as a total.
709 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And we multiply.
710 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Started source, which is 6.
711 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And we get for MTS for.
712 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, hopefully you can use the same.
713 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, logic and the shortcut formula.
714 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
To find, what is I to what is, uh, to.
715 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, what is to do with that? Uh, I will start the the next question.
716 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Which will you have 100 seconds?
717 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, to answer that.
718 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, what is the value? What is the steps to find out to.
719 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, data I was just doing the.
720 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Formula and the value of, uh.
721 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
We have the value of icon and, uh, let me see.
722 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Some progress very good progress. Uh, 71 students or 70 students.
723 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And, um, 70 students.
724 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, in this room, it's quite a lot. It's a very, very encouraging. Mm. Hmm.
725 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
23 students left to answer.
726 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Hi.
727 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Um, let me see.
728 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Only 12:11:students left, you have to answer and I think again this to.
729 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Close the answer here and the answer is.
730 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
For divided by 4+8 multiplied by 600.
731 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Therefore, it's 2 Mbps.
732 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Therefore, the answer is to.
733 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, we have learned today, federal circuits.
734 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
kirchhoff's current law and current dividers.
735 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, it's very good, uh, progress.
736 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Very good progress and, uh.
737 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Let me check.
738 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So before I proceed, uh, if you want to proceed, so, let me see.
739 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And, uh, let me close the 1st and see the performance for this morning.
740 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And I'm not seeing the session.
741 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
We'll be able I'll be able to see the overall performance.
742 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, um, just for motivation and to see.
743 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
To do better next time. So these are the.
744 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
We've got a lot of 10 out of that so that is a great.
745 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The performance and, um.
746 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
This is, uh, what you have achieved for this morning this morning.
747 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, we have around more than 70 students, um, participating in today's, uh, today's lecture and please. So, with that, uh, I will take a 5 minute rates.
748 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And we will continue with lecture 4.
749 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Just for just introductory, all of, let's say for, and we will try to stop.
750 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And then 10 2220, something like that so that you can do your voice and 10, 45.
751 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Hmm.
752 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Sorry, we Paul, let them.
753 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
5 minutes just so relaxing no, no, no, no, no unlikely.
754 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Just getting all the issues.
755 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Okay, it will be given absolutes.
756 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Yeah.
757 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
That's great. Can you take this 1? I was set up last week because yeah, there was a problem. Yes. Yeah. Yeah.
758 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Let's take a that's a good job. What's your name?
759 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
I would just take note. Remember yes. Yeah, and also there was, uh.
760 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Oh, yeah, now since, uh, Chris, uh, their number 765.
761 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
937, it's really difficult to last week. Yeah, no, I meant to scan for.
762 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Well, that's good. Good good.
763 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So jumping to ask for 1 more yeah, it's fine. Yeah.
764 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
No worries. What is what is.
765 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, the quizzes, uh, I think Eric can jump on some other experience the last month.
766 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
No, no, no, no, no problem.
767 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
1:2:4 literally 3, right? And fairly straightforward. There is.
768 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
I don't know.
769 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Hello.
770 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Once you come here.
771 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
It's not.
772 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Hello, so the lecture 390 is is not, uh, weightage right?
773 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
But still still able to see if you have I will issue the.
774 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
I will take the lecture for is dated, right?
775 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Please, let's, um, let's go next week or next week, but I start a little for today, but not the case. You must stand here? Yes, normally.
776 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
That's awesome.
777 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Okay.
778 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Good.
779 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Hello.
780 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
No.
781 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, I think a lot of.
782 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Okay.
783 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Just.
784 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Hello.
785 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
For example, the law.
786 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
No.
787 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Bye.
788 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And.
789 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
You know.
790 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Perfect.
791 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
This 1.
792 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Okay.
793 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Bye bye.
794 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
I don't.
795 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Yes, yeah, we have to do this 1.
796 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
2nd, yes, but I will only take best of okay but what is based on.
797 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Which topics are included from the.
798 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, 25, 2 main, this means, uh, last week.
799 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Lecturer yes, I can not lecture 1.
800 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, to end some 1, progressively say 1st and sacrifices not flattering.
801 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
It's not their bonus yeah. Week by week. So this week for next week is 3:4:yes.
802 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So this is.
803 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Thanks everyone.
804 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
That's, um, attendance, it's, uh.
805 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Actually document, and and this is just another column. Mm. Hmm.
806 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
When the student to request.
807 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
I don't know that's logical. And there's no, actually, that's awesome.
808 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Only tutorial.
809 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
I'm going to answer these tickets, which you mentioned, which translate to live for example, this week they sent us. Yes.
810 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Hello.
811 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
812 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So now.
813 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
I believe 3rd.
814 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Hello.
815 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
40.
816 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Hello.
817 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh.
818 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
I'm good.
819 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So that's why it's important. Um.
820 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Wow.
821 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Huh.
822 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Hello.
823 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
824 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Huh, huh?
825 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Oh, yeah.
826 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Listen to.
827 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Wow.
828 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Mhm.
829 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Okay.
830 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Oh, no.
831 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
You have all the.
832 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
It's not so easy.
833 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Hello.
834 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
How's that?
835 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Yeah.
836 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Oh, no.
837 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
But you can put.
838 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The other things.
839 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
What is the.
840 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
You know, from from the, um.
841 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
We're gonna be doing better for now. Yes. Or no, please.
842 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
You said last week I already Yeah Yeah Yeah, because it doesn't come right? So, Chris yeah.
843 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Unless you tell me that.
844 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Like, an exception, right? Yeah there were issues and time right right.
845 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, and we probably won't solve this 1. no, no.
846 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, it's 2:4:6. yeah.
847 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And then after that's.
848 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Thank you. I, it's, it's not go down that.
849 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Do you have the apartment.
850 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Huh.
851 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
.
852 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Hello.
853 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Yes.
854 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Right.
855 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Oh.
856 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Right.
857 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Hello.
858 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
That's not.
859 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So.
860 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, for tomorrow, we'll be on that, right? So they already announce the person wants to be online, which will be postponed to for them.
861 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, next week it'll be written yes, yes. Yes.
862 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Cool.
863 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The system.
864 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
This is it right? How many patients it pushed to.
865 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, don't.
866 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Hello.
867 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
868 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
I don't remember.
869 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Parking.
870 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Yeah, so, um.
871 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
It's something else.
872 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And 8 questions.
873 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Hello.
874 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Fine.
875 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
There you go.
876 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Okay.
877 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Oops.
878 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, we'll come back after the.
879 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, I, let's continue just introductory for there will be no.
880 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, online let's check with, we will just for the introductory purpose, and I hope those stock app.
881 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Maybe 10:20:something like that, so that you can.
882 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And prepared for your written, please.
883 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
For the written, please, uh, uh, it is not it's, uh, written.
884 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And they, uh, 8 questions, uh, for.
885 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, electronically, just now, we have learned.
886 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Several seconds and current divider. So, in that, your call.
887 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, we are going to learn a combination.
888 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Of serious in the circle is a combination of series and.
889 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
We also we learned about the current source.
890 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The current voltage soft and analysis.
891 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, if you see in the parallels parallel set that in the previous lecture.
892 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
In here, we can see that.
893 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, there is a, a mixture or a series to parallel. 2nd, it's a combination of series.
894 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And and better.
895 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, quick, for example, uh, you have to.
896 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
That's usually we tackle from the right.
897 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Right. Okay. Okay. So if we draw, uh, this.
898 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, this side this side, actually, it is.
899 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, like, 3.
900 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Um, for like this.
901 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Because if you bring up 3 here, so, in the way that, uh, this is.
902 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Are 3 and 4 in series.
903 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Are 3 and our 4 in cities, but they are in parallel.
904 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
We have 2, so where do we see a mix of series emperor? The strategy or the is we look at the right hand side.
905 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
We tried to to make it simpler.
906 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Is it here we can see that all 3 and our for, uh, in series.
907 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, overview of the whole this branch, so I will.
908 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Right. Different colors. So these are 3 or 4 together is branch is in parallel.
909 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
To add to it.
910 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And when we.
911 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Have to I would do it in a different color.
912 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Maybe after you combined, uh, all this.
913 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, in a big 1 in in red color, so here.
914 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Here is 1, so when we combined.
915 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, uh, I just joined like, this, the, the rate box.
916 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
It's a red box is here and this is the.
917 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The battery, or about this plan so you can see the red box.
918 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Is in series with.
919 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, here, maybe I draw is to this, the red box.
920 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
This is red box in series with as a whole so we.
921 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Strategize it by looking for the right hand side and then we move towards the left hand side.
922 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Okay, you can see that. Um, so here is the what we have done just now.
923 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And so what we have done, just now, we, we take, uh, we look at the right hands, right hand side of the sector on. They are in series.
924 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, we call them our desk, but.
925 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Our Prime is in parallel with so we.
926 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
We call it cause our prime is in parallel. It's the symbol of parallel with part 2.
927 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, to, and as a result that we call it our, the dash or empty Prime.
928 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And R, D Prime is in series with 1.
929 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, when they are serious with.
930 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
We just call it because they are in series. So dash.
931 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Plus so make it as 1 resistance, uh, R, D in total. So if we have make it simple for us, so we have, uh, E and 1, big box or 1 big resistance of the and it's easy to solve the 2nd, using the old slow, slow.
932 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So this is, uh, a combination of resistance in federal and.
933 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, this, uh, example is also a combination of resistance.
934 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
In parallel and series, um.
935 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, what is the best 2:5:I 3.
936 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
What do you think what we've learned in lecture 3? Just now.
937 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The theme here is to use, uh, voltage, uh, divider.
938 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Without, uh, determining.
939 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The source code, so they are.
940 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
I understand that there are many approaches, but let's.
941 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, let us see here, let us see.
942 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, we, uh, us to find.
943 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, we are asked to find 3, so.
944 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
1st of all we know that, uh, are 2, and our 3 are in parallel, which is symbol of parallel. We call it.
945 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So are 2 and 3 are in parallel.
946 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
We call it our prime. So do you still remember.
947 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, this shortcut formula, if we have.
948 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
To resist the only 2 resistors specialties in parallel we can use the shortcut formula to find the.
949 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Our total so the shortcut formula is.
950 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
12 multiplied by 6 divided by 12+6 so I will bring you back to the previous.
951 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Previous lecture where special case?
952 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Of 2 resisters in parallel.
953 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
You can use.
954 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The shortcut formula.
955 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So the short term formula, if you only have to resist this in parallel to find out the, the blue box.
956 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Is multiply by divided by plus or 2 so we are doing that at this moment.
957 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Use the short, short formula, so our prime.
958 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Is, uh, 12xby 6.
959 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Divided by 12+6 therefore, our prime.
960 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
This is is so this.
961 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
As the upfront is actually in series.
962 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
With 2:2:kilowatts.
963 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, 2 kilowatts is here is here.
964 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, therefore, um, this are in series, so we can put a simplify it.
965 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
We call it 6 because 2 6.
966 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
16 alarms, so.
967 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Now, we have 54 votes.
968 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
54 votes we have 6 homes. Therefore I total.
969 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Is 54 law.
970 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
I thought is, uh, we own our, the 54 volts.
971 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Divided by the 6, so I total is 9,000,000.
972 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
9.
973 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, now we, we got to right here.
974 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
9Million Mbps now we use the principle of current divider. Okay.
975 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Current divider, because remember in the last.
976 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
1, hour ago, we know that the current if this is 9,000,000.
977 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
It will split out it will split.
978 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
To, and we use.
979 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The current divide a formula, so in the previous lecture.
980 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Special case for the 2.
981 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
In parallel, we can use the special case formula.
982 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
To find the current of, uh, if there are 2 resistance in parallel, we can use this.
983 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Current divide the rule formula, so we can now.
984 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, because we are asked to find i3.
985 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
You did the quiz just now when we find I T, looks at the opposite resistor, which is 12.
986 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Divided by 12+6.
987 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Multiply by 9. the 900 is that.
988 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The sauce, therefore, we opt in the answer s.
989 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
6, really 6,000,000.
990 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, i3 is 6,000,000.
991 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So here we use current divider knowledge, we use, uh, we, we use.
992 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
That will re, a series resist.
993 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Combination.
994 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
I don't know.
995 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Yes, I think, uh, you you are.
996 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Get off the police today because.
997 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, the University, I believe we announce online learning because of the weather on Thursday and Friday. So, those who have to.
998 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
That's the session they have to postpone it to next Thursday. So, but I think it's better for you.
999 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Get off we don't don't delay do it today.
1000 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, and we will get good marks, I believe, because, uh, it's only week 1 week.
1001 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, um, so, um, but you already here, I already announced it, so you will not run away. Just kidding. Don't go for the next Thursday. So you are you, you should, uh, I think, in my opinion, you should do now.
1002 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, but for tomorrow students, they will need to do it, uh, next week in week. 4.
1003 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Because tomorrow and Friday, and, uh, let's just, uh, the clusters will be online.
1004 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, we're just, um.
1005 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
All clusters at the university will announce it that all the, uh, clusters with your name.
1006 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Due to the expected, uh, weather.
1007 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, Labs will be announced whether they are replacement or their future with an, whether replace again or do some online things.
1008 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Okay and, um, so.
1009 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Intermittent, uh, I4, um.
1010 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
In this order, the means 1st, we need them in art form.
1011 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Then we need to mean a week 2, and that we determine 5:5:So we need to use all our.
1012 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Experience, uh, knowledge that we have learned, uh.
1013 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Series current divider, voltage divider in order to solve this 2nd, in order to solve these seconds.
1014 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And, uh, so, um.
1015 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, let's get, I mean, I focus, so here we have.
1016 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
These 2, in parallel this 2 in parallel out to an, in parallel.
1017 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
But they are in series, 2 and 1.
1018 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Which is this branch in series? 2 I form.
1019 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, can I ask you I for is.
1020 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
What do you think is the best, uh, the best way immediately with a, uh, I mean, uh, if you know that the, uh, what is iPhone.
1021 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Which, which, uh, you you can use easily.
1022 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
I don't even know what suggestion.
1023 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Maybe, it's about why the voltage don't use this environment. So good idea. So you can see.
1024 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
I will join a different color, so.
1025 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, this, uh, it's like a series uh, they are W, what branch.
1026 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
This is 1 branch so this blue and blue is in parallel.
1027 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
What do we say if the voltage.
1028 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, in parallel they are the same.
1029 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, I follow.
1030 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Is all in this branch is the voltage divided by the resistance.
1031 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, if this is 12 volts.
1032 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
This blue branch also 12 goals. This blue is 12 months.
1033 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So this, uh, 12 votes, and of course, I fall is flowing here and the resist in.
1034 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
4 is 8.2.
1035 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, we look up, of course, there are many ways and, uh, current divider or these are.
1036 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And then we will get the same answer, but look at the same, uh, overall picture and try to get the easiest, simplest way. Okay. Implicitly.
1037 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And so, um, so here I can see, 12 books is 12. this is 12. this is.
1038 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, 12. okay, this is 12. so I fought is 12 votes divided by 8.2kilo homes, which, uh, which means.
1039 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
I thought is 1.430001.4 3.
1040 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
We have this now, let's try we to.
1041 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Need to, so what is the best we do that? V2.
1042 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
What is that? There are many ways. What do you think is.
1043 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, what is your, uh, strategy? What is your strategy in order to get a way to.
1044 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So 1 way is because, uh, we do.
1045 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, is, uh.
1046 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Multiply by the resistance, right?
1047 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, the current, um.
1048 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
These 2 are in, uh, this, uh, R2 and, uh, 3, uh, in parallel. I think you agree.
1049 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Are 2 and 3 are in parallel.
1050 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Um, in serious summit.
1051 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
What 55.
1052 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Yes, so there are many ways. So what I you can do is you can say that.
1053 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
18 and 2 kilowatts.
1054 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Ah, in parallel, I think, you know, how to get the thought of.
1055 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The resistance for that parallel.
1056 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Which is the special formula 18.
1057 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Multiply by 2 divided by 18+2.
1058 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
You will update, um.
1059 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
You will update, um, 1.
1060 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Point it 1.8kilohertz.
1061 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Yes, yep the adjusts by the error. What.
1062 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Okay, um, uh, that's from.
1063 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
You know, yes, you can some but.
1064 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Um, that's good.
1065 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Is possible so this 1, I will draw it.
1066 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Um.
1067 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So here are the current, the current will be split.
1068 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Some will go here right? But here also the current will be sleep.
1069 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The current will be split, so.
1070 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
1 way is.
1071 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
To to have a to.
1072 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
An update here, so our 2 and a 3.
1073 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
They are in there are in parallel, so as results.
1074 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
After you have to combine them.
1075 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
I made a box to make it a. R. D. for example.
1076 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And this 1 is.
1077 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
I'm okay.
1078 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And this 1, if we see it.
1079 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Um, is, uh, 12 votes.
1080 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, 12 votes, because the whole thing.
1081 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
This branch must also be, uh, 12 books. Okay so what we can do here now.
1082 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
After doing the, uh, the parallel between this.
1083 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
It is 1.8kilohertz.
1084 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, 1.8here.
1085 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
And is 6.8kilohertz.
1086 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, we want to we want to find a way to.
1087 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So, uh.
1088 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh.
1089 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
You said, yes.
1090 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Yes, so I will, um.
1091 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So.
1092 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
So we know we know.
1093 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
I want, yeah, I don't think.
1094 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
I I want and.
1095 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
You don't think you need, um.
1096 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Which are this 1, you know, anytime.
1097 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Well, sometimes the book of assistance largely.
1098 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, oh.
1099 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Yes, yes so.
1100 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
I will, uh, look at this.
1101 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, as, uh, work.
1102 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Um, that's our homework and because we have, uh, rich.
1103 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Um, almost 10:30:So, I think this.
1104 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Fair to you to, to have, um, and this, because this is not, uh, going to be covered. So it's fair to, uh, I must be found you have a rash and preparation for the quiz. So, um, it's also just introductory. So, in the next week.
1105 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, we, you know, to expect that this is the subject that we are going to study. So, with this.
1106 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
Uh, thank you and, um, uh, uh, this, this.
1107 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (35057408)
The return, we will start at 10, 45.